# Application Conceptualization
As the world progresses on its way to electrification, individual transport plays a key part as it accounts for about [600 billion road kilometers traveled per year](https://www.umweltbundesamt.de/daten/verkehr/fahrleistungen-verkehrsaufwand-modal-split#fahrleistung-im-personen-und-guterverkehr). With this magnitude, it is a key contributor to transportation emissions, which need to be reduced in the context of climate change. A [major inhibitor](https://efahrer.chip.de/news/umfrage-raeumt-mit-vorurteil-auf-die-deutschen-wollen-e-autos_109074#:~:text=27%20Prozent%20der%20Befragten%2C%20die,gegen%20den%20Kauf%20eines%20Elektroautos) for adoption of electrical cars is the fragile and underdeveloped charging station infrastructure. Therefore, it is critical to identify gaps in the existing charging station infrastructure to enable widespread adoption of electrical cars.
## Research Question
> ***Where are the gaps in the current charging station infrastructure for electrical vehicles in Germany?***
## Data Requirements
The problem at hand is a classical demand vs. supply problem. Therefore, both the demand and the supply need to be quantified. The supply (charging stations) can be obtained in the form of a complete list of all existing and currently operating charging stations. The demand is more difficult to quantify, as there hardly is data on registration of electric vehicles available to the public. Hence, the demand has to be estimated using a proxy variable. In the case at hand, this proxy will be the total count of registered cars, as it captures the demand for individual transportation quite well. The answer to the research question can be provided by a density calculation representing the amount of charging stations per 1,000 registered cars.
## Granularity
Charging station data is available as point data, meaning there is latitude and a longitude provided for each station. Detailed address data is also available. The count of stations can therefore be summarized on zip code level in the first place. Registered car counts are available on municipality level (fourth administrative layer) and can be aggregated on any higher administrative layer.

The goal is to aggregate and join the two datasets on the lowest granularity level possible to provide the most detailed level of information that is available. Furthermore, this prevents the mixing of rather rural areas with urbanized areas, as these are typically captured as separate districts.

Unfortunately, the data is semi-aggregated on this level as for city, not all suburban districts are given. This requires an aggregation on district level (third administrative level). This in turn requires the usage of an additional dataset, as the station count aggregation on zip code area level needs to be further aggregated on district level, but this information is not explicitly available in the dataset. A mapping file linking each zip code to its corresponding district ID is used here.
## Features
The application allows the user to scan a map of Germany on district level for districts where the supply of publicly available charging station lags compared to other districts, given its demand represented by the number of registered cars.